In this section we're going to go through the installation of yes land on Sublime Text 3.
So specifically Sublime Text three Sublime Text two as far as I know is not supported.
Excellent.
So this is all going to be set up with Yeslam 3.
So unfortunately yes Ursuline has a little bit of a hefty amount of setup here.
So these are all the stuff we have to go through.
And yes it is slightly painful to be honest with you this is a third time record of this section.
So the last two times I made a tiny mistake hopefully no repeats this time no repeats are going to get
through this in one go.
All right.
So first.
Well you know what.
I don't know how much sense there is to talk about all this installation here basically getting set
up with subline just involves installing a bunch of junk.
Let's just get started on it and go through the process.
So first we are going to install Yeslam globally with NPM.
So at my terminal I'm inside my project directory and I'm going to install the yes limt command line
tool.
OK so the command line tool is what actually parses and validates our code.
We will execute NPM install DSG.
Yes Lance is going to install the Yeslam package globally as indicated by the dash G right here.
This is going to take a little bit to run.
So let's continue with the rest of the installation while that goes.
The next thing we're going to do is install package control package control as a package manager for
Sublime Text 3.
So it's just something that's going to allow us to easily install other packages to install package
control 3 I to open up my browser and I'm going to navigate to package control dot IO slash installation
then once here on the left side we're going to go through the simple installation process which really
is pretty straightforward.
I'm going to copy this big block of text right here.
Everything from the import statement to the right by at the bottom.
So I hit command C to copy it.
Now we'll go back over to Sublime Text and I need to paste this into some blinds console.
So I go up to the View tab at the top click Show console and then I will paste it all in here.
Everything that we just copied.
So the very last token in here will be right by when I enter and this will install package control for
us.
And I've already got package control installed so I am not really doing any additional insulation here.
You'll want to make sure that it just completes installing.
You only take a second or two.
So next we've got our package control installed.
We are going to install a configuration for yes lint within PM So this config part that we're about
to do right here is all about this last half loops the last half on our diagram.
Remember we have some per project set up that we have to do.
So what we're about to do is the per project set up it's going to move the actual configuration that
tells us and hey when you parse the code and make sure it's valid please use this set of rules to figure
out what is going on.
So back at my terminal all take note looks like gasoline is all done installing.
We're going to install some configuration for it yes lint it run and install dash dash save dash dev.
Yes Lintz Klein fig Rallye coding like so.
So yes Slint dash config dash Rallye coding so we'll hit enter and let this thing do its little installation
and it will keep working while that goes just installing that configuration inside of our project to
that set of rules isn't enough.
We have to actually tell ESPN to make use of that said approve of or that list of rules.
So to tell excellent to use that set of rules we're going to create a new configuration file inside
of our root project directory.
So inside of my root project directory I'm going to make a new file called Daut.
Yes lint.
RC And I'll save it.
So now I've got a new file inside my root project directory called Daut.
Yes Lynn RC and it's completely empty inside if you're going to put just a little bit of configuration.
I'm going to place a set of curly braces and then inside the curly braces all add in extends colon Raley
coding.
So again this tells.
Excellent.
Hey we just installed a set of configuration for you.
Please use the configuration called Rallye coding.
Do take note that you must use double quotes around each word here so double quotes around extends and
double quotes around Raley coding as well.
All right.
So just two more steps.
We're almost there almost there.
We have now added in our config with NPM we have actually skipped to the bottom.
We add in the config file to our project.
So the last two things are to do.
Are we going to use the package control module that we just installed to install Linter and excellent
to sublime Tex.
So back in sight of our project I'm going to install or use package control to install those two modules.
First I'll open up the command palette by pressing command shift key and this opens up the command palette
as a list of all things I can do with sublime text I'm going to search for install and then click on
the install package section.
This will do a little bit of loading and then show me a list of all the different packages that I can
install.
First we're going to look for sublime limiter and I'll find the first result right here is just sublime
Linter.
I will click it to install it and there we go nice and installed.
And next I'll open up the command palette again with command shift P I will click on install package
again and then this time around we are going to look for sublime Linter Dasch contrib dash Yes lint
so subline Linter Dasch contrib dash Yes lint.
So here's the result right here.
And I'll click it to install it and I'll click out that message right there.
OK so last step I'm going to close out sublime text entirely.
So I just quit entirely from it and I started back up and I got my project folder still open right here.
So last thing I have to do is just test this out make sure it works.
I'm going to open up this index file and I'm going to delete a semi colon here at the end and I'm going
to save the file.
And you'll notice.
Yup sure enough I get this error message popping up says here.
Missing semi colon.
The rule is semi-new.
If you don't see the this little red dot over here and you know the Red Square pop up do you make sure
that you save the file and also try changing the line that your cursor is on inside of Sublime Text
the Linter is a little bit laggy and so sometimes it takes a second for it to realize oh hey you just
fix the error so you'll notice that when I delete the semi-colon you know we're waiting we're waiting.
Oh there's an error here.
You know when I fix it we're waiting.
OK.
There it goes.
So here is yes let's set up a Sublime Text.
I know not the easiest thing in the world to do in the future.
Now whenever you want to use E.S. lint with Sublime Text You can create this dot.
Yes.
RC file right here.
Paste in this rule and then make sure that you just run out the terminal that NPM installed.
Dash dash save dev excellent config Raley coding.
That's all you have to do.
So in the future no more complicated set up.
It's a one time thing.
OK so we've got.
Yes let's set up a sublime text.
Let's continue in the next section.